# Feedback WPC-20-IT - Title changes

Proposed position title proposed for my role, to `[Senior] Developer`, does not adequately describe the nature of activities, skills, experience, and responsibilities of some members of my team, within STARS Faculty Solutions. Suggested suitable job titles include `[Senior] Automation Engineer`, `[Senior] Site Reliability Engineer` or `[Senior] DevOps Engineer`.

1. Titles should be accurate, informative and descriptive, facilitating effective communications. In my case, the proposed title of `Developer`, is being used in a way which is not consistent with the broader tech sector. Conversely, an incorrect job title causes confusion, misrepresents its holder, and it may also hinder recruitment.
1. Changing a title to match a similarly named position description, released as part of the WPC process, implies an alignment of job classification has taken place, even though its contents are neither agreed upon or have been validated.
1. There are no references in the position descriptions, to infrastructure design, build, operation which form, which form significant and substantive workload components for some in our team, such as myself.
1. Section 14H of WPC-20-IT.pdf (16 Sept 2020) asserts a desire to create consistency throughout UNSW IT, however conversations with management have informed us the change is for the purpose of reducing administrative effort. This should have been stated.
1. The WPC change document is not consistent in its application of the principle it proposes. e.g., the proposed structure for Customer Service Delivery, Production Services, many job titles are specific with regards to their holder technical skills and responsibilities (page 40 WPC-20-Impact-DFO-IT.pdf).
1. Use of the same title, `Developer` for both a L6 and a L7 role, within the STARS Faculty Solutions, which have some distinctly different accountability and experience requirements, is confusing and inconsistent with the use of the prefixed `Senior Develper` title.